---
title: "Heritage Falodun"
company: DigiOats
img: heritage.jpg
---

Heritage Falodun is a technology professional (Product lead), Bitcoin Consultant, Educator and Analyst from Nigeria (hails from Ekiti State). He has developed and implemented lots of algorithms for StartUps and Bitcoin-focused firms locally and internationally. Heritage is presently a Bitcoin Correspondent/Moderator at the BlackBitcoinBillionaires community (USA), a Bitcoin Consultant/Growth partner at DnarHQ, a Contributing Writer for BitcoinMagazine. He is also the Host of the Bitcoin-In-Nigeria Media Program. His work revolves around improving products, providing liquidity and OTC services, enlightening clients on acquiring, hodl’ng, mining and usage of digital assets(specifically Bitcoin). His engagement covers and is not limited to impact around Bitcoin Mining consulting and research infrastructure for private & institutional investors in Nigeria and Africa at large. Heritage is a devotee of education, utility and adoption of Bitcoin in Africa. He has been Guest Speaker at different Blockchain and Bitcoin Conferences, one of which was his Panel Discussion in Accra, Ghana., on “Engineering Solutions towards Improving Bitcoin Adoption in Africa”. In addition to his experience and personal abilities, He had a sound educational background in technology being a Computer Scientist by grade (B.Sc). He is extremely enthusiastic about the Future of Money & Tech with focus on decentralization, risk management and compliance.
